modules/install-secured-cluster-operator.adoc, before:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/install-ocp-operator.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-secured-cluster-operator_{context}"]
= Installing secured cluster services

[role="_abstract"]
You can install secured cluster services on your clusters by using the `SecuredCluster` custom resource. You must install the secured cluster services on every cluster in your environment that you want to monitor.

[CAUTION]
====
To install Collector on systems that have Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) and that have Secure Boot enabled, you must use eBPF probes because kernel modules are unsigned, and the UEFI firmware cannot load unsigned packages. Collector identifies Secure Boot status at the start and switches to eBPF probes if required.
====

.Prerequisites
* You must be using {ocp} 4.6 or later.
* You must have generated an init bundle and already created the required resources by using the init bundle.

.Procedure
. On the {ocp} web console, navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.
. Select the {product-title} Operator form the list of installed operators.
. By default, {ocp} lists the project as `openshift-operator`. Select *Project: openshift-operator* -> *Create project*.
+
[WARNING]
====
You must install {product-title} `SecuredCluster` resource in its own project and not the default `openshift-operators` project.
====
. Enter the new project name as *stackrox* or some other name, and click *Create*.
. Under the *Provided APIs* section, select *Create instance* on the *Secured Cluster* API.
. Enter a name for your `SecuredCluster` custom resource.
. For *Central Endpoint*, enter the address and port number of your Central instance.
For example, if Central is available at `\https://central.example.com`, then specify the central endpoint as `central.example.com:443`.
The default value of `central.stackrox.svc:443` only works when you install secured cluster services and Central in the same cluster.
. Accept the default values or configure custom values for the available options.
//Add a link for customization options
. Click *Create*.

Commit message:

OSDOCS-3358 Updating RHACS install docs

modules/install-secured-cluster-operator.adoc, after:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/install-ocp-operator.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-secured-cluster-operator_{context}"]
= Installing secured cluster services

[role="_abstract"]
You can install secured cluster services on your clusters by using the `SecuredCluster` custom resource. You must install the secured cluster services on every cluster in your environment that you want to monitor.

[CAUTION]
====
To install Collector on systems that have Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) and that have Secure Boot enabled, you must use eBPF probes because kernel modules are unsigned, and the UEFI firmware cannot load unsigned packages. Collector identifies Secure Boot status at the start and switches to eBPF probes if required.
====

.Prerequisites
* You must be using {ocp} 4.6 or later.
* You must have generated an init bundle and already created the required resources by using the init bundle.

.Procedure
. On the {ocp} web console, navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.
. Select the {product-title} Operator from the list of installed operators.
. By default, {ocp} lists the project as `rhacs-operator`. Select *Project: rhacs-operator* -> *Create project*.
+
[WARNING]
====
You must install {product-title} `SecuredCluster` resource in its own project and not the default `openshift-operators` project.
====
. Enter the new project name as *stackrox* or some other name, and click *Create*.
. Under the *Provided APIs* section, select *Secured Cluster*.
. Choose *Create SecuredCluster*.
. Enter a name for your `SecuredCluster` custom resource.
. For *Central Endpoint*, enter the address and port number of your Central instance.
For example, if Central is available at `\https://central.example.com`, then specify the central endpoint as `central.example.com:443`.
The default value of `central.stackrox.svc:443` only works when you install secured cluster services and Central in the same cluster.
. Accept the default values or configure custom values for the available options.
//Add a link for customization options
. Click *Create*.

.Next step
. Optional: Configure additional secured cluster settings.
. Verify {product-title} installation.
