modules/portal-generate-init-bundle.adoc, before:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc
//
// You must declare the `topic-helm` or `topic-operator` attribute when using this module.
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="portal-generate-init-bundle_{context}"]
= Generating an init bundle by using the RHACS portal

You can create an init bundle by using the RHACS portal.

.Procedure

. Find the address of the RHACS portal based on your exposure method:
.. For a route:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get route central -n stackrox
----
.. For a load balancer:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get service central-loadbalancer -n stackrox
----
.. For port forward:
... Run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc port-forward svc/central 18443:443 -n stackrox
----
... Navigate to `\https://localhost:18443/`.
. On the RHACS portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration* -> *Integrations*.
. Under the *Authentication Tokens* section, click on *Cluster Init Bundle*.
. Click *Generate bundle*.
. Enter a name for the cluster init bundle and click *Generate*.
ifdef::topic-helm[]
. Click *Download Helm Values File* to download the generated bundle.
endif::[]
ifdef::topic-operator[]
. Click *Download Kubernetes Secret File* to download the generated bundle.
endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====
Store this bundle securely because it contains secrets.
You can use the same bundle to create multiple secured clusters.
====

Commit message:

OSDOCS-3358 Updating RHACS install docs

modules/portal-generate-init-bundle.adoc, after:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc
//
// You must declare the `topic-helm` or `topic-operator` attribute when using this module.
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="portal-generate-init-bundle_{context}"]
= Generating an init bundle by using the RHACS portal

You can create an init bundle containing secrets by using the RHACS portal.

.Procedure

. Find the address of the RHACS portal based on your exposure method:
.. For a route:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get route central -n stackrox
----
.. For a load balancer:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get service central-loadbalancer -n stackrox
----
.. For port forward:
... Run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc port-forward svc/central 18443:443 -n stackrox
----
... Navigate to `\https://localhost:18443/`.
. On the RHACS portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration* -> *Integrations*.
. Navigate to the *Authentication Tokens* section and click on *Cluster Init Bundle* (indicated with a Helm icon).
. Click *Generate bundle*.
. Enter a name for the cluster init bundle and click *Generate*.
ifdef::topic-helm[]
. Click *Download Helm Values File* to download the generated bundle.
endif::[]
ifdef::topic-operator[]
. Click *Download Kubernetes Secret File* to download the generated bundle.
endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====
Store this bundle securely because it contains secrets.
You can use the same bundle to create multiple secured clusters.
====
.Next Step
. xref:../installing/install-ocp-operator.html#create-resource-init-bundle_install-ocp-operator[Use the {ocp} CLI to create resources] using the init bundle.
. xref:../installing/install-ocp-operator.html#install-secured-cluster-operator_install-ocp-operator[Install the {product-title}] in all clusters that you want to monitor.
