installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.adoc, before:

[id="acs-install-helm-quick"]
= Installing quickly using Helm charts
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: acs-install-helm-quick
:topic-helm:

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} installs a set services on your {ocp} cluster. This topic describes the installation procedure for installing {product-title} on your {ocp} cluster without any customizations.

The following steps represent the high-level installation flow for quickly installing {product-title}:

. Add the {product-title} Helm chart repository.
. Install the `central-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#centralized-components_acs-architecture[centralized components] (Central and Scanner).
. Generate an init bundle.
. Install the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-cluster-components_acs-architecture[per-cluster] and xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-node-components_acs-architecture[per-node] components (Sensor, Admission Controller, and Collector).

Before you install:

* Understand xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#acs-architecture_acs-architecture[{product-title} architecture].
* Review the xref:../prerequisites.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-prerequisites[prerequisites for installing {product-title}].

include::modules/adding-helm-repository.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/acs-quick-install-using-helm.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="generate-init-bundle"]
== Generating an init bundle

To create a secured cluster, you must create an init bundle. The secured cluster uses this bundle to authenticate with Central.

// Generating init bundle
include::modules/roxctl-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#installing-roxctl-cli[Installing the roxctl CLI]
* xref:../../installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc#portal-generate-init-bundle_acs-install-helm-customization[Generating an init bundle by using the RHACS portal]

include::modules/acs-quick-install-secured-cluster-using-helm.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/verify-acs-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources
* xref:./install-helm-customization.adoc[Installing with customizations using Helm charts]

Commit message:

OSDOCS-3358 Updating RHACS install docs

installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.adoc, after:

[id="acs-install-helm-quick"]
= Installing quickly using Helm charts
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: acs-install-helm-quick
:topic-helm:

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} installs a set of services on your {ocp} cluster. This topic describes the installation procedure for installing {product-title} on your {ocp} cluster without any customizations.

The following steps represent the high-level installation flow for quickly installing {product-title}:

. Add the {product-title} Helm chart repository.
. Install the `central-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#centralized-components_acs-architecture[centralized components] (Central and Scanner).
. Generate an init bundle.
. Install the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-cluster-components_acs-architecture[per-cluster] and xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-node-components_acs-architecture[per-node] components (Sensor, Admission Controller, and Collector).

Before you install:

* Understand xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#acs-architecture_acs-architecture[{product-title} architecture].
* Review the xref:../prerequisites.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-prerequisites[prerequisites for installing {product-title}].

include::modules/adding-helm-repository.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/acs-quick-install-using-helm.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="generate-init-bundle"]
== Generating an init bundle

Before you install the `SecuredCluster` resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle. The cluster that has `SecuredCluster` installed and configured then uses this bundle to authenticate with Central.

// Generating init bundle
include::modules/roxctl-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#installing-roxctl-cli[Installing the roxctl CLI]
* xref:../../installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc#portal-generate-init-bundle_acs-install-helm-customization[Generating an init bundle by using the RHACS portal]

include::modules/acs-quick-install-secured-cluster-using-helm.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/verify-acs-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources
* xref:./install-helm-customization.adoc[Installing with customizations using Helm charts]
