installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc, before:

[id="acs-install-helm-customization"]
= Installing with customizations using Helm charts
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: acs-install-helm-customization
:topic-helm:

toc::[]

High-level installation flow:

. Add {product-title} Helm chart repository.
. Configure the `central-services` Helm chart.
. Install the `central-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#centralized-components_acs-architecture[centralized components] (Central and Scanner).
. Generate an init bundle.
. Configure the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart.
. Install the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-cluster-components_acs-architecture[per-cluster] and xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-node-components_acs-architecture[per-node] components (Sensor, Admission Controller, and Collector).

Before you install:

* Understand xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc[{product-title} architecture].
* Review the xref:../prerequisites.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-prerequisites[prerequisites for installing {product-title}].

include::modules/adding-helm-repository.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="configure-central-services-helm-chart"]
== Configuring the central-services Helm chart

This section describes Helm chart configuration parameters that you can use with the `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.
You can specify these parameters by using the `--set` option or by creating YAML configuration files.

Create the following files for configuring the Helm chart for installing {product-title}:

* Public configuration file `values-public.yaml`: Use this file to save all non-sensitive configuration options.
* Private configuration file `values-private.yaml`: Use this file to save all sensitive configuration options. Make sure that you store this file securely.
//TODO: Add links to sample configuration files.

include::modules/central-services-private-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/central-services-public-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/install-central-services-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/change-config-options-after-deployment-central-service.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="generate-init-bundle"]
== Generating an init bundle

To create a secured cluster, you must create an init bundle. The secured cluster uses this bundle to authenticate with Central.

You can create an init bundle by using the the `roxctl` CLI or from the RHACS portal.

// Generating init bundle
include::modules/roxctl-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#installing-roxctl-cli[Installing the roxctl CLI]

// Generating init bundle
include::modules/portal-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="configure-secured-cluster-services-helm-chart"]
== Configuring the secured-cluster-services Helm chart

This section describes Helm chart configuration parameters that you can use with the `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.
You can specify these parameters by using the `--set` option or by creating YAML configuration files.

Create the following files for configuring the Helm chart for installing {product-title}:

* Public configuration file `values-public.yaml`: Use this file to save all non-sensitive configuration options.
* Private configuration file `values-private.yaml`: Use this file to save all sensitive configuration options. Make sure that you store this file securely.
//TODO: Add links to sample configuration files.

[IMPORTANT]
====
While using the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart, do not modify the `values.yaml` file that is part of the chart.
====

include::modules/secured-cluster-services-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/install-secured-cluster-services-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/change-config-options-after-deployment.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/verify-acs-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Commit message:

OSDOCS-3358 Updating RHACS install docs

installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc, after:

[id="acs-install-helm-customization"]
= Installing with customizations using Helm charts
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: acs-install-helm-customization
:topic-helm:

toc::[]

High-level installation flow:

. Add {product-title} Helm chart repository.
. Configure the `central-services` Helm chart.
. Install the `central-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#centralized-components_acs-architecture[centralized components] (Central and Scanner).
. Generate an init bundle.
. Configure the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart.
. Install the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart to install the xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-cluster-components_acs-architecture[per-cluster] and xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#per-node-components_acs-architecture[per-node] components (Sensor, Admission Controller, and Collector).

Before you install:

* Understand xref:../../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc[{product-title} architecture].
* Review the xref:../prerequisites.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-prerequisites[prerequisites for installing {product-title}].

include::modules/adding-helm-repository.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="configure-central-services-helm-chart"]
== Configuring the central-services Helm chart

This section describes Helm chart configuration parameters that you can use with the `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.
You can specify these parameters by using the `--set` option or by creating YAML configuration files.

Create the following files for configuring the Helm chart for installing {product-title}:

* Public configuration file `values-public.yaml`: Use this file to save all non-sensitive configuration options.
* Private configuration file `values-private.yaml`: Use this file to save all sensitive configuration options. Make sure that you store this file securely.
//TODO: Add links to sample configuration files.

include::modules/central-services-private-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/central-services-public-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/install-central-services-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/change-config-options-after-deployment-central-service.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="generate-init-bundle"]
== Generating an init bundle

Before you install the `SecuredCluster` resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle. The cluster that has `SecuredCluster` installed and configured then uses this bundle to authenticate with Central.

You can create an init bundle by using the `roxctl` CLI or from the RHACS portal.

// Generating init bundle
include::modules/roxctl-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#installing-roxctl-cli[Installing the roxctl CLI]

// Generating init bundle
include::modules/portal-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="configure-secured-cluster-services-helm-chart"]
== Configuring the secured-cluster-services Helm chart

This section describes Helm chart configuration parameters that you can use with the `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.
You can specify these parameters by using the `--set` option or by creating YAML configuration files.

Create the following files for configuring the Helm chart for installing {product-title}:

* Public configuration file `values-public.yaml`: Use this file to save all non-sensitive configuration options.
* Private configuration file `values-private.yaml`: Use this file to save all sensitive configuration options. Make sure that you store this file securely.
//TODO: Add links to sample configuration files.

[IMPORTANT]
====
While using the `secured-cluster-services` Helm chart, do not modify the `values.yaml` file that is part of the chart.
====

include::modules/secured-cluster-services-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/install-secured-cluster-services-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/change-config-options-after-deployment.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/verify-acs-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
