installing/install-ocp-operator.adoc, before:

[id="install-ocp-operator"]
= Installing by using an Operator
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: install-ocp-operator
:topic-operator:

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} (RHACS) installs a set of services on your {ocp} cluster. This section describes the installation procedure for installing {product-title} on your {ocp} cluster by using an Operator.

Before you install:

* Understand xref:../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#acs-architecture_acs-architecture[{product-title} architecture].
* Review the xref:../installing/prerequisites.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-prerequisites[prerequisites for installing {product-title}].

The {product-title} Operator includes the following two custom resources:

. *`Central`* - The central resource is a logical grouping of the following services:
** *Central*: Central is the {product-title} application management interface and services. It handles data persistence, API interactions, and user interface (RHACS Portal) access. You can use the same Central instance to secure multiple {ocp} or Kubernetes clusters.
** *Scanner*: Scanner is a Red Hat-developed and certified vulnerability scanner for scanning container images and their associated database. It analyzes all image layers to check known vulnerabilities from the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) list. Scanner also identifies vulnerabilities in packages installed by package managers and in dependencies for multiple programming languages.
. *`SecuredCluster`* - The secured cluster resource is a logical grouping of the following services:
** *Sensor*: Sensor is the service responsible for analyzing and monitoring the cluster. It handles interactions with the {ocp} or Kubernetes API server for policy detection and enforcement, and it coordinates with Collector.
** *Collector*: Collector analyzes and monitors container activity on cluster nodes. It collects information about container runtime and network activity. It then sends the collected data to Sensor.
** *Admission Control*: The admission controller prevents users from creating workloads that violate security policies in {product-title}.

The following steps represent a high-level workflow for installing {product-title} by using an Operator:

. Install the {product-title} Operator from OperatorHub in the cluster where you want to install Central.
. Configure and deploy the `Central` custom resource.
. Generate and apply an init bundle.
. Install the {product-title} Operator in all clusters that you want to monitor.
. Configure and deploy the `SecuredCluster` custom resource in all clusters that you want to monitor.

include::modules/install-acs-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/install-central-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/networking/enable-cluster-wide-proxy.html[Configuring the cluster-wide proxy ]

include::modules/verify-central-install-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/central-configuration-options-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="generate-init-bundle"]
== Generating an init bundle

To create a secured cluster, you must create an init bundle. The secured cluster uses this bundle to authenticate with Central.

You can create an init bundle by using the the roxctl CLI or from the RHACS portal.

// Generating init bundle portal
include::modules/portal-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Generating init bundle CLI
include::modules/roxctl-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
==== Additional resources
* xref:../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#installing-roxctl-cli[Installing the roxctl CLI]

include::modules/create-resource-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/install-secured-cluster-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/secured-cluster-configuration-options-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/verify-acs-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Commit message:

OSDOCS-3358 Updating RHACS install docs

installing/install-ocp-operator.adoc, after:

[id="install-ocp-operator"]
= Installing by using an Operator
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: install-ocp-operator
:topic-operator:

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} (RHACS) installs a set of services on your {ocp} or Kubernetes cluster. This section describes the installation procedure for installing {product-title} on your {ocp} or Kubernetes cluster by using an Operator.

Before you install:

* Understand xref:../architecture/acs-architecture.adoc#acs-architecture_acs-architecture[{product-title} architecture].
* Review the xref:../installing/prerequisites.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-prerequisites[prerequisites for installing {product-title}].

The {product-title} Operator includes the following two custom resources:

. *`Central`* - The central resource is a logical grouping of the following services:
** *Central*: Central is the {product-title} application management interface and services. It handles data persistence, API interactions, and user interface (RHACS Portal) access. You can use the same Central instance to secure multiple {ocp} or Kubernetes clusters.
** *Scanner*: Scanner is a Red Hat-developed and certified vulnerability scanner for scanning container images and their associated database. It analyzes all image layers to check known vulnerabilities from the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) list. Scanner also identifies vulnerabilities in packages installed by package managers and in dependencies for multiple programming languages.
. *`SecuredCluster`* - The secured cluster resource is a logical grouping of the following services:
** *Sensor*: Sensor is the service responsible for analyzing and monitoring the cluster. It handles interactions with the {ocp} or Kubernetes API server for policy detection and enforcement, and it coordinates with Collector.
** *Collector*: Collector analyzes and monitors container activity on cluster nodes. It collects information about container runtime and network activity. It then sends the collected data to Sensor.
** *Admission Control*: The admission controller prevents users from creating workloads that violate security policies in {product-title}.

The following steps represent a high-level workflow for installing {product-title} by using an Operator:

. Install the {product-title} Operator from OperatorHub in the cluster where you want to install Central.
. Configure and deploy the `Central` custom resource.
. Generate and apply an init bundle. The init bundle contains the secrets that provide linking between Central and the secured clusters.
. Install the {product-title} Operator in all clusters that you want to monitor.
. Configure and deploy the `SecuredCluster` custom resource in each individual cluster that you want to monitor.

include::modules/install-acs-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/install-central-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/networking/enable-cluster-wide-proxy.html[Configuring the cluster-wide proxy ]

include::modules/verify-central-install-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/central-configuration-options-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="generate-init-bundle"]
== Generating an init bundle

Before you install the `SecuredCluster` resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle. The cluster that has `SecuredCluster` installed and configured then uses this bundle to authenticate with Central.

You can create an init bundle by using the RHACS portal (recommended) or by using the roxctl CLI.

// Generating init bundle portal
include::modules/portal-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Generating init bundle CLI
include::modules/roxctl-generate-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
==== Additional resources
* xref:../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#installing-roxctl-cli[Installing the roxctl CLI]
* xref:../cli/getting-started-cli.adoc#using-cli_cli-getting-started[Using the roxctl CLI]

include::modules/create-resource-init-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/install-secured-cluster-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/secured-cluster-configuration-options-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/verify-acs-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
